Quite the talent he is.
Proper chatterbox, Yadda.
If you're keen, it'll be brilliant.
Today, we're going to keep it simple.
I'll bark out a basic command and you
watch.
Keen to know?
He'll set your tail wagging.
Does mine, hence why I'm backing him.
Right then, Wookie here.
Do take a seat, won't you?
Give us your full attention while we
listen to my pal, Yadda.
MUSIC PLAYS
Good day and welcome to the Iowa Blog.
We are here, obviously,
in our Ocean Studios.
We're going to resume with the prophet
Micah,
but I'd like to speak a little about
what has transpired in these last couple
of days.
Prior to Israel and America deciding they
would attack Iran again,
I was a very strong opponent
of this conflict.
It's not because I have any affinity for
Iran, I don't.
Well,
particularly the Iranian Islamic
government.
no one knows more about islam or is
more disgusted by islam than i am having
written five books on the subject actually
more all total but my goddamn religion
series is uh four thousand two hundred
pages and it covers every verse in the
quran uh providing my own translations and
others
while setting the Quran in chronological
order in the context of Muhammad's life
using the earliest and most credible
hadith sources.
Islam has never been more exposed or
condemned, eviscerated,
than it is in those volumes which explain
exactly why Muslims are trying to destroy
Israel.
And so I understand this beast quite well.
I also understood that there was an
absolute certainty
that Iran was enriching uranium for a
bomb.
This is obvious since there is no purpose
of enriching uranium beyond five percent
if you're going to use it for civilian
purposes,
particularly when you're dealing with
quantities up above four hundred
kilograms.
And doing so while
Estranging your nation from the world and
forcing your people to endure all manner
of hardships because of sanctions would
never have been done if it weren't to
stockpile uranium--- at official purity to
create
nuclear warheads.
So I knew that was the case as
well.
It was just my conclusion that Iran would
use them to make themselves impenetrable
from attacks like these,
but never use them,
which I actually thought was a good idea
because I recognize Israel cannot win a
war against Iran.
And now Iran has proven
that the same thing would be true with
regard to the United States.
It can't win a war against Iran.
So making Iran no longer susceptible
to American or Israeli attack by having a
nuclear bomb wasn't troublesome to me
because I didn't think there was any
chance that Iran would use a nuclear bomb
offensively in a first strike against
Israel.
I have always thought there was a greater
likelihood of Israel being so panicked by
the war that it has caused with Iran
that it would strike with its nuclear
weapons.
With all that being said,
the reason I was so opposed to Israel
being involved in another war with Iran is
that there is no way for Israel to
prevail.
And I knew that even with the United
States,
the situation would actually be worse,
not better.
And that is because Donald Trump is Rahab.
The prophet spoke of him in four different
places.
He is the
corporeal manifestation of Satan.
He'll be the worst man who has ever
lived by the time the next seven years
are over.
And I knew that he would betray Israel.
And what we're hearing now is the first
hints of that betrayal.
He is announcing that he is going to
remove America from the war, which is...
the best of a series of bad decisions
this war cannot be won if he pursues
a land invasion it will be catastrophic
for america it will cause america to be
more entrenched in this conflict and have
fewer options to get out of this conflict
and even though america could be
successful in occupying islands within the
persian gulf occupying the islands won't
accomplish anything beneficial.
And should America try it,
then the Gulf states are all destroyed.
And I can tell you that I'd be
leading the parade of cheers if Qatar,
UAE, Kuwait,
and Saudi Arabia were decimated.
I don't care that the people are harmed.
I want the leaders gone and the money
that they extract from the black ooze to
stop funding hatred towards Jews.
So this would actually be a good thing.
I didn't think that the donkey that would
be kicking them in the arse would be
Iran, of course,
but that's the way that the prophets have
spoken of it and that's the way that
it has turned out.
And while that might be a good thing,
would be devastating for the world.
It would set the world into economic
collapse because of the price of oil,
the lack of oil, the lack of fertilizer.
And Trump is literally talking about now
ending America's battle and in this war of
choice that he began without liberating
the Strait of Hormuz.
And with the Strait of Hormuz controlled
by Iran,
Iran controls
everyone in the region,
the petrodollar system is over.
And when the petrodollar system is over,
the United States economy is over.
By retreating under this mess,
the US's potential to project power or
credibility anywhere in the world is over.
It's a devastating situation.
And then the worst of it is it
leaves Israel
hanging, which is what I suspected.
And they cannot fight a war against Iran
alone.
They couldn't succeed with the United
States,
most certainly can't succeed without them.
And as a small country,
They have no chance of holding off the
barrage of missiles and drones.
And even the missiles they bring down and
the drones they bring down is a loss
to Israel because the interceptors are so
much more precious in terms of lead times
to acquire more of and expensive.
Plus, so many are now getting through.
And now you have Lebanon and the Houthis
engaged in the conflict.
And there's really nothing Israel can do.
to stop it.
And as a tiny country that is vulnerable,
it was really foolish for Netanyahu to
engage Israel in this war.
And so now that we know Trump is
contemplating pulling out,
leaving Israel vulnerable with the Straits
of Hormuz still under Iranian lockdown.
This is devastating.
Israel now has made complete enemies of
Russia and of China and is being abandoned
by the United States and has no other
friends in the world.
It is interesting too that as you read
through the prophets,
this was especially true in the thirteenth
chapter of Yahshua, Isaiah.
that he describes the final siege army
that attacks Israel.
Now know that Ezekiel is a false prophet.
So there is no Magog or Gog.
There is no Armageddon,
no war of that kind.
There is a final battle and it is
one nation, a mountainous nation, uh,
further away than one or two countries
removed from Israel that can amass
millions of troops.
And that foe obviously is Iran.
And so ultimately,
whether there be hiatuses that allow both
sides to rearm or this war just continues
to simmer,
eventually Iran is going to send millions
of ground troops into israel so this is
the fate of the nation and it's only
yahweh who in the end will stop it
but by that time as the prophet zachariah
has stated two out of every three jews
worldwide will be dead so i want you
to know that
This conflict and its aftermath is one
that I have predicted as I have predicted
everything that you have done now for the
past almost twenty years and the
consequence of each of your actions while
constantly giving you better options.
The most interesting of those,
should you doubt my credibility in this
regard,
go read the open letter that I wrote
on ten seven twenty three,
stating what you would do,
why it would fail and what you should
have done and why it would have succeeded.
And now,
while I lament you did not listen to
me.
And that you chose to engage Iran in
yet another war.
going to be devastating.
And you might say,
so why should we listen to you?
You're a guy talking to us on an
island far away.
You have no credentials at all that we
should care about.
Au contraire.
I mentioned more in the prophets than
almost anyone.
I'm
the person that is referred to in the
Torah as the Nakri,
the person that at the commencement of the
first temple that Solomon spoke of as the
Nakri, the observant foreigner,
who you need to listen to at this
time.
I am the man that Isaiah in the
sixty-third chapter speaks of as the man
from Edom.
I am the person that
Yahshua,
Isaiah addressed in the eleventh chapter
is the Choder.
You can choose to listen now or you
will listen later.
But for those who listen now and respond,
go to yadaya.com and begin reading.
All the books are free.
I want nothing from you other than your
attention.
I want you to walk away from your
rabbis who are
misleading you and abusing you and your
politicians who are equally bad towards
you stop relying on your idf and start
relying on yahweh you don't know him but
he wants to know you and for that
to happen you're going to have to return
to him and for that to occur you
need to listen to me because i was
put in this position expressly for that
purpose so through the prophet micah
yahweh said now
at this time.
Settlements, towns, and villages,
you should band together apart from
societal influences and unaffected by
religion and politics.
Yeah, he said what I just said,
didn't he?
You need to disassociate from societal
influences, religion, and politics.
And you need to start listening throughout
Israel, not just in the north,
which was
hammered by the Hezbollah rockets the last
two nights,
not just in the south that's being
attacked again by the Houthis and not just
in Haifa and Tel Aviv that are being
pounded by the Iranians everywhere in
Israel.
You need to start listening and you need
to distance yourselves from your
politicians and your rabbis.
This says that a siege of rebels,
of raiders,
of an onslaught of plundering marauders
will be placed against us.
Speaking as a Jew to Jews,
he speaks of what I just witnessed as
I was translating both Yashaya XIII and
now I'm in the second chapter of Yoel.
The story is the same.
It is a flood of mujahideen,
of Islamic terrorists, of raiders,
of robbers,
of rebels that flood into Israel.
And what the prophets are predicting is a
thousand times worse than what happened on
October seventh of twenty-three.
when some four thousand Muslims,
half of which might have been Hamas,
the others just ordinary Muslims and tenny
rompers,
decided to come across that border and
torment Israel to the point that they knew
you'd be so angry that you'd destroy Gaza
trying to hunt down and do the impossible
to rid Gaza of Hamas.
They knew you would fail and you did,
but more importantly,
they knew you would destroy Gaza.
And in the destruction of Gaza,
they knew that you would do yourself,
Israel,
far more harm than you would do the
Muslims of Gaza.
And it's true.
They're impoverished,
but you're vulnerable and indefensible now
because of what you have done.
And you were played.
This is exactly what they wanted from you.
And you're still pounding your chest
thinking you did a good thing,
which you didn't.
The destruction of Gaza was stupid.
Counterproductive, Israel.
And as a result of what you are
doing now in Iran,
and with Iran having won the economic war
and also the perceptions war,
even playing even in the military war,
what's the world going to do?
You've got a billion Marxists that hate
you, two billion Muslims that despise you,
You don't have a country on earth that
will stand by you.
The prophets say you're about to give up
your heart and soul as a terrorist state.
And they speak of these marauders,
so numerous you can't count them,
ultimately coming into Israel a
thousand-fold worse than what happened on
October seventh of twenty-three.
So a siege of rebels, of these raiders,
this onslaught of plundering marauders,
they are placed against us.
With a rod and weapons of war,
people associated by race, culture,
and geography, Shabbat,
will choose to smite, they will afflict,
and they will destroy.
both the decision-maker and the judge,
all things that pertain to exercising good
judgment throughout Israel,
pounding the jaw.
This is mikah, mikah yah.
It means who is like, who from me,
like can be compared to kah, yah.
a shortened form,
familiar form of Yahweh's name, Micah,
five, one.
This is the war that's coming,
and the war that's coming,
your IDF and your politicians cannot stop.
When you had four thousand jihadists over
the course of twelve hours and three
phases,
just simply bulldoze the fence down,
walk right through,
Harass Jews, carry Jews back into Gaza,
doing so for twelve hours without any
interference from the IDF.
You need to know that the IDF,
the Shin Bet, the Mossad, your government,
are absolutely incapacitated when it comes
to Muslims and tinny rompers.
Oh, they're great with their F-Refs.
They're really good with the Iron Dome.
They're great at spending money.
But when it comes to a flood of
jihadists, they're petrified.
They have no idea.
They can't fly the Apache helicopters.
They can't mobilize the tanks.
They can't defend the border.
They can't protect Kibbutzim.
And the Muslims now know it.
They know that you send in a batch
of rockets,
this next one will be hundreds and
hundreds of times more rockets,
and you send the rockets into the cities
and you send the jihadists into the small
communities, there's nothing to stop them.
They know it worked before,
they know it'll work again,
and Israel's more vulnerable now than
ever.
your F-thirty fives, your tanks,
they're not going to be able to do
anything to be able to stop this.
One of you can please go out and
tell Harold or whoever is on the on
the weed whacker that probably is not the
best time for that.
So it's
A very terrible time because Israel is
very proud of their IDF,
their Citizens Army.
And, you know,
it's done some marvelous things and showed
some tremendous acts of heroism.
But this is not a foe they can
defeat.
And the reason they can't defeat this
particular foe is because it's not built
properly.
to cordon off and put off a flood
of jihadists.
And that's the next war.
So with rods and weapons of war,
people associated by race, culture,
and geography, he's trying to say Muslims,
a couple of thousand years before the
first Muslim existed, certainly,
will choose to smite, they will afflict,
and they will destroy.
Not only the decision makers and the
judges,
but Israel's ability to exercise good
judgment.
And there would be two occasions where
this would apply,
both of which pertain to dote.
the plundering raiders seeking to restrict
and afflict the Israelites,
robbing them of their dignity, their land,
their Messiah,
and their place as God's people.
There have been many,
but in this particular situation,
the prophet is speaking of Muslims.
Now,
because that's what happens in the end,
It doesn't change the fact that there have
been many assaults on Israel throughout
the ages.
The Philistines were ruthless, of course,
so were the Egyptians,
so were the Assyrians, oh my,
and the Babylonians.
And then the Greeks were ruthless, and oh,
no one has ever been more disgusting and
vicious towards Jews than the Romans.
And then came the Muslims,
that plundered the world,
killed two hundred million people.
And then the Roman Catholic Church that
treated Jews so brutally throughout the
ages,
followed by the Ottoman Empire and then
the Crusaders and then Muslims again,
then the Nazis.
It's been horrendous.
Even the British were abusive to Jews.
But there was a place and there was
a savior and he was born twice in
the same town.
He's had,
will have had six lives by the time
it's all over.
And two of the most important,
he was born in Bethlehem,
the house of bread,
as well as the house of conflict.
Ephrath, which is fruitful,
branching off and bearing fruit,
existing as the younger sibling among the
thousands of Yehudah.
From you to approach me,
this one shall come forth to be the
one who writes proverbs and governs in
Israel, whose beginning is from antiquity.
from ancient days.
Micah Yah, who is like Yah,
Micah five two.
It is not well known outside of the
covenant family that listens to these
programs that Dode has had many lives.
And the Dode according to Yahweh was Adam.
which is why Dode is his makor, firstborn.
And that Dode came back again as Shem,
and then the young shepherd boy that
Yahweh anointed and became king of Israel
circa one thousand BCE.
Dode was born in Bethlehem at that time
and was a shepherd in Bethlehem when he
was found by Shamuel.
And in his next life,
as he was born again,
this time directly as opposed to
indirectly by Ruth and Boaz,
as they returned for this purpose,
he was conceived again in Bethlehem.
And so it is saying that not only
would he come from Bethlehem,
but that he would be the one who
was present right from the beginning in
the garden.
You see, Dode is in fact Adam,
and he is the one who is the
living embodiment of Mishal, of Proverbs,
the word pictures, on behalf of Israel.
And he is the ultimate Yehud through whom
we can approach God.
So as an interesting insight, you know,
Dode indeed was the youngest sibling.
While the myths written about the
imposter, Jesus,
he was the eldest among his brothers.
Not that it matters because everything
written about Jesus is a myth.
Dode is real.
Further,
while Dode's location was announced and
affirmed by God,
long before this prophecy was written,
the myths pertaining to Jesus were
backfilled without corroborating evidence
long after the fact.
Unable to keep their story straight,
the gospel writers even allege that he was
Jesus of Nazareth,
even though the town didn't even exist in
the first century.
in Yehudah.
Moreover, only one wrote Proverbs,
that would be Dode,
and only one of the two would rule
over a unified Yisrael.
Therefore,
this is yet another prophecy about Dode.
And it is one that has been misattributed
to the mythical Jesus.
And that has been generous since the
Mythological figures such as Odysseus,
Hercules,
and Dionysus were far more credibly
supported than was Jesus.
Also with Dode,
his prior existence is not only noted over
one thousand times,
eleven hundred actually,
in the Torah and Prophets,
and thus by God,
his name was chiseled in stone by his
contemporaries.
Jerusalem is not only the city of Dode,
but we can also locate his home today.
While on the other hand, there is
is no antiquity for myths.
Michael wrote between seven thirty-five
and seven hundred BCE,
or about three hundred years after this
event transpired,
or about seven hundred years before it
would occur again.
And it provided more than sufficient time
for Dode's departure from Bethlehem in ten
thirty four BCE to being considered as
long ago.
But that's not really from antiquity,
because from antiquity tells us that Dode
was Adam.
For an unprecedented wrinkle in the
framework of time,
Among the Qumran collections,
there was a commentary written on behalf
of the sect's righteous teacher,
which was based upon Micaiah, Micah.
And making his argument against the
Pharisees, the Essene wrote,
One shall not come forth, lo yatsah,
be brought out,
to be the one who writes Proverbs and
governs in Yisrael.
If his quotation was accurate,
then Yahweh was bemoaning the fact that
after Dode,
there would be none to lead his people.
And in context,
there are so few variations between the
Essene citations and the Masoretic text.
Throughout the rest of this book,
this negation is certainly worth
considering.
Now,
returning to Micaiah's prophetic
presentation,
this next statement speaks of Yisrael
having been released to the influence of
others and then beginning to bud and grow
again at long last after an intermission.
Therefore,
should this be God's family returning
either as covenants or that final remnant,
it will be after a painful and traumatic
time.
Therefore,
he shall give them to another until such
time as she begins to bud and grow,
conceiving and giving birth.
Then the remnant of his brothers will
change."
as they return and are restored as the
children of Yisrael.
Micah, five, three.
Indeed,
there is a time of troubles that is
between us and this event.
It will be seven years long.
It'll start in less than two months.
Twenty-two May of twenty-twenty-six.
And currently,
Yisrael is under the influence of another.
God has separated himself from his people
and he will not return to them until
they return to him.
And at this point,
I can't even get them to say his
name, which they erased.
And so he is going to be distant
and estranged from his people until such
time as she begins to bud and grow
again,
such time that she's capable of more than
miscarriages.
And this will occur when the remnant of
his brothers,
and the remnant is essential because it is
the remnant that is allowed to witness
Dode's return as Messiah with Yahweh on
Yom Kippurim and then enter the thousand
year opportunity of Sukkah when the earth
is transformed into the conditions we've
experienced and seen in Eden.
And so this remnant,
will change as they return and are
restored as the children of israel it's
from shub that's the lesson of hosha and
so many other places shub for shub are
no shub for you and israel needs to
shub you need to change you need to
return to yahweh and then he will relent
and return to you
So Yahweh's people will eventually do
this.
It will be a minority,
a vast minority of them,
but they will do so.
And Israel as a nation will again bud
and grow as they return to the garden,
just as they did ever so briefly under
Dode.
And as she was then,
Israel is experiencing birth pangs with
the world kicking her at every turn,
exposing her
and condemning her,
making her ever more vulnerable.
Further,
and consistent with this prophecy,
Yehudim were given to another during the
intervening years between Dode's life as
king and his return as the Passover lamb,
but also between that time and his
upcoming arrival for reconciliation,
mostly then veritable slaves throughout
Europe.
Especially important,
Shub was chosen to reflect the attitude
and approach of the remnant of those
brothers who will be returning,
some brought into Jerusalem by Yahweh
himself.
In keeping with the covenant and Torah,
They have changed and are no longer
political or religious.
At least they are barely so.
At least they haven't become religious and
political to the extent that they can't be
purged of that guilt.
And it is by leaving the schemes of
men to approach the house of God that
this remnant will be restored by the anima
para.
And that means that we should recognize
that these fortunate few are indeed
Israelites.
They are neither Christians nor Muslims,
but instead those who can attribute their
lineage and their lives to Dode,
either through genetics or these lyrics.
Additionally,
the reference to a surviving remnant of
Yisrael brings us ever closer to Kippurim
in year six thousand.
His return, October second,
six twenty two p.m.
sunset in Yerusalem in twenty thirty
three.
Now,
this is also addressing what will be the
final arrival of Dode.
I think it's his sixth arrival.
as king and Messiah,
Yahweh's shepherd and his beloved
firstborn son.
It reads, he shall be present,
standing upright.
He shall conduct an evaluation and then
take a stand.
So as to serve as a shepherd in
the power and the influence,
the strength and fortification,
indeed the capabilities,
of Yahweh,
and in the majesty and glory of the
name of Yahweh, his God.
Then they shall live and remain,
for indeed, now at this time,
they shall be greatly exalted and honored
to the ends of the earth.
Micaiah, who is like Yah?
Micah, five, four.
Clearly,
there will be a time that Dode will
return.
We know that date certain to October,
twenty thirty three.
He will be present.
He is going to serve as the ultimate
shepherd over his people.
He's going to come in great power and
the very capability of Yahweh,
which is what God meant when he said
that he will be Elion.
The power and strength,
the very influence of God.
And in the majesty and in the glory
of the name of Yahweh his God,
which means if you do not know Yahweh's
name, you do not know God.
And then they will live.
They will remain.
The benefit is that after this time,
after this homecoming,
those who have benefited from the
sacrifice of the Anima Paran and now
witness those homecoming with Yahweh will
enter the millennial celebration of
Sukkah, of camping out.
for a thousand years in conditions
identical to Eden.
And that's where they shall live and
remain for that time.
For indeed now at this time,
they shall be greatly exalted, honored,
set apart from all others in special.
And this will be to the ends of
the earth.
So, Dode is Yahweh's shepherd.
No question about that.
He was empowered by the very Ruach spirit
of God.
And he, more than anyone,
sang the songs that glorify Yahweh's name.
He knew it.
He loved it.
He shared it.
And he relied upon it.
Now,
the reason that all of this is so
important is because
Dode is Yisrael's exemplar.
He represents Israel,
the good and the bad.
And he is also Israel's savior.
He's the man whose lyrics, lives,
and sacrifices provide the means to
reconciliation.
He served as the Passover lamb when he
was crucified by the Romans in
thirty-three CE.
He took our guilt into Sheol the next
day on Matzah.
And he served as Yahweh's bokor,
firstborn son, and fulfilling bokorim,
firstborn children,
on the first day of the week.
Yisrael, you need to accept this,
to experience a more favorable
circumstance, windowed returns.
Since God is arriving to fulfill Yom
Kippurim after he's already fulfilled
Pesach, Matzah, and Bokurim,
two thousand years earlier,
this is being attributed to our Messiah
and King.
It says,
he shall exist as their means to
reconciliation and more favorable
circumstances.
Indeed, when the Assyrian, that's a, a,
uh,
name that is used, a moniker for Satan,
arrives in our land and as a point
of emphasis has his way and marches
through our fortress and our military
bases,
and then we will rise up and take
a stand over and against him,
seven shepherds and eight leaders of men.
The Assyrian representing Hasatan,
the adversary,
is known as Rahab in the prophets.
He is presented by Gabriel Dode through
Daniel,
where his description is a perfect match
for Donald Trump and for no one else.
In Isaiah, we're told that he will...
be an egotistical warmonger from a nation
that describes America and that at the
time of the fulfillment of Shabuwa,
he will betray Israel and force Israel to
give up its heart and soul,
narrowing Israel at the waist with a state
of Islamic terrorism carved out of the
nation's midpoint.
We are told in four places that he
is Rahab,
which is a very concise picture of a
confabulator, an egomaniac,
a demonic despot.
Perfect match for Donald Trump again.
And so he is going to come into
Israel.
He'll arrive in Israel in January,
the twenty ninth of January of twenty
thirty.
And by the Ides of March,
He will declare that he is a God.
And up to this point,
Israel has received Trump as if he were
the second coming of Cyrus the Great.
And yet he is the one betraying them.
And he will continue to betray them.
So it says that against him,
there'll be seven shepherds.
The seven followed by or in the company
of eight leaders of men.
The eight are the eight that are described
in the Shabuwa and the Teruah harvest,
the same eight each time.
And so there are eight leaders of God's
people.
And the seven shepherds,
Could be any number of different people.
We know that the characters that God's the
most comfortable working with will all
contribute in the end.
It is the man that was first known
as Chanuk and his wife.
There was later Noak and his wife,
but inserted all along the timeline.
You have Daud.
You have Elia and you have Moshe as
the five most prominent players.
The prophet who wrote the most about all
of this and that would have to be
considered as a prime player would be
Yahshua, Isaiah.
He has so much to say about this
period.
And he wrote the textbook on how to
be a proper prophet.
And so these are examples of those who
will be serving Yisrael,
along with the eight leaders of men that
we find throughout the harvest.
Now,
we are introduced to the Assyrian and
Yeshayah Isaiah,
where we discover that it serves to
identify Satan.
Then in Daniel nine,
that dode under the guise of Gabriel
revealed that the adversary would enter
Jerusalem on.
Well, it's the.
Twenty ninth of January of twenty thirty.
And then later he'll be heralded as a
god, as if he were divine by the.
Ides of March, Fifteenth of March,
Twenty-Thirty.
Therefore,
based upon the content and context of the
Micah Five prophecy,
this is yet another acclamation pertaining
to Dode,
which is misappropriated and wrongly
attributed to Jesus by Peter and Paul and
pals.
So, in so doing,
billions have been blinded
to the actual doorway to life and have
forsaken the means to eternal life.
Now,
this statement suggests that the
Israelites have been pacifists for far too
long.
Now, before I continue that,
there is something that we ought to
consider.
In this past statement where I was working
with two numbers, seven and eight,
It may not be that at all.
I translated this for coming home to
probably six, seven years ago,
eight years ago, perhaps,
and then went through and did a quick
update of it.
maybe four years ago but i haven't
translated this in some time and we have
been on a prestigious pace of learning
particularly over the last six months to a
year and there is really a distinct
possibility that it isn't seven shepherds
but sheba also means promise so over and
against him the promised shepherd and
eight leaders of men
would be more consistent with what we have
read because you find the eight leaders
presented in Shabuwa, Teruah, and again,
helping out during Sukkah.
So this would be more consistent with
Yahweh's plans.
And I think that is the better way
to render that statement.
And so it is a team of individuals
or witnesses that Yahweh has selected to
prepare and protect Israel at this time.
And the statement certainly suggests that
the Israelites
need to stand up and be accounted.
They need to oppose those who oppose them,
even if they do so with words wisely
wielded,
which is something they haven't done in a
very long time.
Now, in this light,
we have a couple of options with the
concluding clause.
And as it says here,
that Israel under Dode will be attacking
the seven shepherds and eight leaders on
behalf of the Assyrian,
or there is a possibility that the
promised shepherd will lead eight men
against the adversary,
actually then in advance of Dode's return,
because this would...
transpire on teruah ten days before our
messiah returns and i think either of
those things are possible now also i think
we're dealing with a promised shepherd and
with eight people and
If you were to take a list of
those who have served you,
there are numerous ways you could cut and
slice them.
All right, with that said,
let's flesh out one of the more
interesting conversations chronicled in
Shamuel before we turn our attention to a
song that is dear to my wife's heart,
Hannah's song.
So in this next opportunity to teach,
I want to turn to second Samuel seven
and pursue what we can in one of
the most powerful prophecies ever uttered.
We broached, of course,
this prophecy numerous times before in
other programs that I have shared with
you.
And what follows serves as an important
window into our future,
revealing how Yahweh has and will continue
to work through Dode and his people.
It begins in Second Samuel seven, nine,
and is especially illuminating as we move
up into seventeen and nineteen in terms of
those verses of the seventh chapter.
And it brilliantly clarifies and confirms
our approach to God
and the statements that are now marked um
to samuel seven twenty one twenty two and
twenty five and this continues vividly
through second samuel seven twenty nine
Now,
this conversation is between father and
son.
It's between God and his Messiah,
between Yahweh and Dode,
although delivered by Nathan.
As at the moment, God and Dode,
his son,
were having a timeout for bad behavior.
And it's recorded by Shamwell.
For our benefit,
it is among the most valuable revelations
to be found in God's book of essential
advice.
So as we begin in two Samuel seven,
eight, it reads, now, therefore,
this is what you should say.
He's speaking,
this is Yahweh speaking to Dode through
Nathan.
So now, therefore,
this is what you should say to my
associate, my coworker, Dode,
as a result of all of this.
Yahweh of the spiritual implement says,
I took you from the sheepfolds,
from chasing after lambs,
to the conspicuous and informative leader
among my people over Israel.
And I have been with you through it
all,
revealing the benefits of the relationship
as you journeyed through life.
I have cut off accordingly all of your
enemies from your presence and I have
engaged on your behalf to make for you
an exceptionally important name,
the greatest designation and the most
distinguished reputation when compared to
even the most glorified designations on
the earth.
Furthermore,
I will appoint and establish a dwelling
place for my people, Israel,
and I will plant them such that they
may abide below throughout in a less
chaotic time than this and no longer be
agitated or terrorized.
And they will not continue to be afflicted
or degraded as they have been,
disparaged or denigrated, demonized,
by unjust and harmful sons,
perverted and violent descendants of evil,
as will have formerly been the case.
Boy, is that ever true.
This is exactly what's happened to God's
people.
From the day which,
for the benefit of the relationship,
I appointed and instructed judges on
behalf of my people, Yisrael,
I will provide a respite from all of
your enemies.
In addition,
Yahweh is boldly and publicly announcing
to you that indeed he will act,
engaging with you to create the family and
home
of Yahweh.
What is the family and home of Yahweh?
It's the covenant.
What did Yahweh say that he conceived with
Dode,
that he literally cut and established with
Dode?
It's the covenant.
How did he do so?
By then collaborating on the fulfillment
of Pesach, Matzah, and Betorim,
the three days that provide the benefits
of the covenant.
This is how Yahweh acted through
and with Dode to greet the family and
home of Yahweh.
Surely your time will be thoroughly
proclaimed and completely fulfilled.
Then after your relaxing rest with your
fathers, I will raise you up,
and I will take a stand to bring
to fruition with your offspring all that
you have sown,
Something more in the end without
hesitation for you.
For the benefit of the relationship,
it will be extracted and withdrawn out of
a small particle of your physical nature.
Yes.
The DNA was easy to replicate.
The spirit would protect that soul,
could put that soul right back into a
body.
And so after a thousand year of rest,
Dode was born yet again.
His fifth of six lives to fulfill Pisach,
Matzah, and Mekotam.
Born likely on Sukkah and one or two
BCE so that he would be in his
thirties by the time it was ready to
fulfill.
Chag Matzah in year four thousand.
God foretold
that all of this would happen a thousand
years before it transpired.
After speaking through Nathan to his son,
Dode,
Yahweh transitions to speaking directly to
us about Dode,
because until we come to appreciate what
God has done through Dode,
there is no hope for any of us.
And God says,
and so I will establish his reign over
his kingdom.
He himself shall restore and rebuild the
family home for my name.
And I will prepare and establish the
throne of his kingdom forevermore as a
continuing witness.
I was, I am,
and I always will be for him as
a father.
And he is and always will be for
me as a son.
so when that which is associated with him
is warped and perverted twisted such that
it is contrary to what has been stated
I will resolve this dispute against him I
will vindicate him and I will decide with
whom to expose and condemn even condemn
against the various subdivisions the cults
the clans and the nations of men and
against the fungus and the plague that has
fallen upon the descendants of mankind
it's true there has been no man in
all of history that has been slighted
robbed impersonated um the literally the
first man to endure
Identity theft.
Then he had his title and Messiah,
his very nature as the son of God,
his purpose as our savior,
his designation as the chosen one,
all stolen from him to create the myth
of Jesus.
And God says, I'm not happy about that.
And I'm going to hold the people who
did this accountable because he and I
accomplished a great deal and he is
returning this King to rule over his
kingdom, which I'm going to restore.
And there's going to be a family home
for my name,
Yahweh and the throne of his kingdom and
his position of honor and power will be
forever.
And I am his father.
And he was and always will be my
son.
And yet we perverted and warped everything
associated with him.
Now with this explanation of the religious
crusade to transfer the promises made to
the Messiah to create a Christ which will
be
which needs to be exposed and condemned,
which is why I wrote the five volumes
of Twistianity against this backdrop God
shares.
Therefore, my steadfast devotion,
enduring love,
commitment to the relationship,
and unmitigated favor will not be removed
from him,
be disassociated or diminished regarding
him,
or replaced, substituting another for him.
So why did Christians create Jesus?
Why did they steal those titles?
Why did they claim those achievements when
God said this so clearly?
And it's been available to them for now,
three thousand years.
He says,
as was the case when I turned away
and completely rejected associating with
Shaul.
I know another Shaul.
He was the author of the first fourteen
books of the Christian New Testament.
He was rejected too.
He was demon-possessed too.
You may know his name, Paul, whom,
to show the proper way,
I removed from your presence,
just as will be the case with Paul
as he is sent to hell.
And so your family and your position of
authority,
your kingdom and reign are assured.
That's what Yahweh says to Dode.
As it is trustworthy, independable,
firmly established, incredible,
even enduring,
forever as an eternal witness.
In my presence, God says,
your throne and your seat of honor,
even your full moon, will be established.
and sustained as a restoring witness to
the eternal testimony.
Consistent with all these words and in
according to everything that was said,
this entire revelation in this manner,
Nathan accurately conveyed this to Dode,
to whom it was all about.
Second Samuel, listen to him.
The seventh chapter.
This now the seventeenth statement.
It is becoming ever more evident that the
second book attributed to the judge and
prophet, Shamuel, in the seventh chapter,
that that prophecy is fundamental to our
understanding of God's relationship with
his beloved son, Dode.
especially when combined with the
portraits painted in Yahshua Isaiah,
the Mismore Psalms.
It's the most accurate portrayal of the
Messiah presented anywhere.
And while this is where we left off
on previous reviews of this marvelous
prophecy,
what Yah says next of His Son and
of our returning King
He is particularly pertinent to our
current discussion.
It reads, Then Daud came,
and he sat and remained in the presence
of Yahweh.
He said, Who am I, Yahweh?
Am I a pride one?
And what is my home and family that
you have come to include me here and
forevermore?
As a restoring witness.
And while the duration and the repetition.
Are.
Relatively significant.
He's talking about his many lives.
In your eyes.
My upright one.
You have also given your word.
Speaking of your co-workers.
Household and family.
Discussing this for a very long time now.
Oh, beginning in the very distant past.
Yeah,
some three thousand years from this
discussion.
Additionally, this is Torah.
This is instructive guidance and effective
teaching for all humankind, Yahweh.
My foundation, my support.
Shamuel two, seven, nineteen.
There aren't many men who can claim to
have entered Yahweh's presence,
much less made a statement like this,
such that they can tell us about their
experience.
But Dode is one,
Moshe and Shamuel were others.
So was Yahshua.
In Dode's case,
he and his father settled in for a
long chat.
which began with them speaking about the
duration and repetition of Dode's many
lives as he brought forth the restoring
witness to his people.
It was a remarkable thing for any man,
especially this one,
who would live six lives,
some of them the most important in human
history, three of them for certain.
And while this was but a blink of
an eye to Yahweh,
Dode's ongoing service to Yisrael would
play out over six thousand years,
long before there even was an Israel,
and long into our future.
I suspect that Dode knew why Yahweh had
chosen him long ago.
He was the first man conceived in His
image.
And it is always essential aspect of
Yisrael's redemption.
And if that is the case,
then the question is being asked for us
to ponder.
The more we understand why Yahweh loved
Dode and found this relationship with this
soul to be enjoyable and productive and to
work with him,
I think the more effective and enjoyable
our lives will be.
We can relax and say,
we don't have to be perfect.
We just have to be steadfast.
We have to be observant and thoughtful,
responsive and resilient to be liked out.
The answer was even provided following the
question.
This is Torah teaching.
It's guidance for humankind.
Dode's lives reflect Yahweh's intent with
the covenant.
I'll share one more thought and we'll pick
up this program.
Hopefully again tomorrow we'll have
weather that's suitable for being out here
in our ocean studio.
And this last line also speaks of Dode
by name.
It says,
what more beyond this can Dode communicate
to you, Yahweh?
You are well acquainted with and know your
associate.
I was unaware of just how true this
was until fairly recently.
You see, there was really no ability,
no chance that Yahweh was going to have
gotten to know Dode as an eight-year-old
shepherd boy well enough to know what he
would be able to do going forward,
to choose him as his firstborn son.
to anoint him forevermore at eight years
old,
forever giving him his ruach before they
had done anything together.
God doesn't empower people that he doesn't
know.
He doesn't choose people blindly.
He didn't make this statement,
and Doe didn't acknowledge this,
about being God's beloved son.
Because they had spent a few years
together.
No.
Yahweh knew Dode.
Because Dode is Adam.
He is familiar with his name because his
name was name.
Shem.
He saw him work on the ark.
He saw him become the forefather of
Yisrael in that way.
And so by the time we reach this
point,
he even had the opportunity to see Dode
as El Dode, God's beloved,
supporting Moshe along the way.
By the time that they were reacquainted at
Dode,
In Bethlehem,
as Dode was just eight years old,
they had a history of three thousand
years.
They were well acquainted.
And he, Yadah, his coworker and associate,
Dode, an essential part of God's story.
And I enjoy being able to share it
with you.
So thank you for listening.
We'll be back out in our Ocean Studio
hopefully tomorrow.
And of course,
we will continue with our basics program.
I just noticed today that we are just
shy of thirty pages now into our
presentation of Shabuwa on a file that has
about a hundred and some odd pages.
Yeah,
we may have to speed up the pace
a little bit on Shibuya to get through
this material.
But, you know,
there's more questions on it than almost
anything else.
And so I wanted to bring it to
your attention so that you know as much
as can be known about this important time
in our lives.
Thank you again for listening.
Good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.